Document memory alignment (#15586)
ethereum/solidity: docs/assembly.rst

There is no guarantee that the memory has not been used before and thus
you cannot assume that its contents are zero bytes.
There is no built-in mechanism to release or free allocated memory.

> Solidity doesn't guarantee and doesn't require that the values in memory

Reviewer: To match the style of the rest of the text:

```suggestion
Solidity does not guarantee and does not require that the values in memory
```
